Hooks & docs for langauge and hooks (#450)
perspect3vism/ad4m: docs/pages/hooks.mdx

# Hooks

> The following are a set of React hooks designed to manage state related to interacting with the AD4M (Agent-centric Decentralized Data Management) network within React applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are a set of React hooks designed to easily work with ADAM principles like Perspectives, Expressions and Subject Classes within React applications:
```

## useAgent

> The `useAgent` hook is a custom React hook designed to manage state related to fetching and caching data from the AD4M (Agent-centric Decentralized Data Management) network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useAgent` hook is a custom React hook designed to manage state related to fetching and caching data about ADAM agents, i.e. users, based on their DID.
```

- `formatter`: A function that takes a DID string and returns a formatted data structure.

### Return Values

The `useAgent` hook returns an object with the following properties:

- `agent`: The cached `Agent` object fetched from the AD4M network.
- `profile`: The profile data formatted using the provided formatter function.
- `error`: Any error encountered during data fetching.
- `mutate`: A function to mutate the shared/cached data for all subscribers.
- `reload`: A function to trigger a re-fetch of data from the AD4M network.

### Example Usage

```javascript
import { useAgent } from '@coasys/ad4m/hooks/react';

const MyComponent = () => {
  const client = new AgentClient();
  const did = "some-did";
  const formatter = (did) => ({ id: did, name: "John Doe" });

  const { agent, profile, error, mutate, reload } = useAgent({ client, did, formatter });

  useEffect(() => {
    console.log("Agent:", agent);
    console.log("Profile:", profile);
    console.log("Error:", error);
  }, [agent, profile, error]);

  return (
    <div>
      {/* Render your component using the fetched data */}
    </div>
  );
};
```

## useClient

> The `useClient` hook is a custom React hook designed to manage state related to fetching and caching an AD4M (Agent-centric Decentralized Data Management) client in React applications. It provides an easy-to-use interface for interacting with the AD4M client, abstracting away the complexities of data fetching, caching, and error handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useClient` hook provides access to the underlying `Ad4mClient`.
```
